well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
teachers florida
governor desantis expectations
and seals
governor desantis uh stumbled into a
pretty good idea to be honest
he did um i don't know who came up with
it
how this came out of his mouth but it is
a good idea and i want to give credit
where credit is due
see he was given a little speech trying
to rally the truth
i'm sorry trying to motivate teachers he
he said this to teachers
just as the seals surmounted obstacles
to bring obl to justice
so too will the martin county school
system find a way to provide meaningful
choice
of in-person instruction or continued
distance learning
all in all the time yes
that is what i'm talking about i get
behind this this fantastic
idea we need to expect our teachers
to behave like seals this is great
i am with this and i know some of you
think i'm being sarcastic right now but
i am
not this is fantastic
i am 100 on board with this
expect our teachers to behave like seals
but that means we got to treat them like
seals right
so when's their training start because
if we're treating them like seals we can
uh
reopen schools in 2023
because that's how long it takes how
much training do teachers get
on you know infection control and by
training i mean real training
hands-on training the kind that makes
you the best
at your job not
some guidelines posted to a website not
a zoom meeting or a 40 minute briefing
real training
so then get up to speed and then once
they're up to speed
that's when the rehearsals start and
they practice over
and over and over again no students
but they continue to practice until they
can do it in their sleep
i'm assuming that they will have a
virtually inexhaustible budget
anything they want anything they need
they get
no more posting to facebook or twitter
asking for supplies because the
government won't pay for them
doesn't even have to be anything they
need really
just something that might make their job
easier might make them more effective
two teachers leaned up against lockers
you know widget x would really help out
in this kind of situation
and then poof like magic five of widget
x show up so they can test it out
you have an entire sub agency dedicated
to developing
new and better tools for them right
they're gonna have access to the best
advisors
experts in every field that they can
call 24 hours a day to ask any question
that they may have
they're going to have an entire
apparatus backing them up
making sure they have the best tools the
best training the best equipment
the newest information they have total
information awareness
they're going to know where every asset
on that field i am sorry
every student in that school and their
status
they're going to know that all the time
because if you're going to have those
kind of expectations you have to give
them the tools
and resources right to suggest teachers
behave
like seals without that that doesn't
just seem like a really good idea to me
seems like something that might cause
problems seals can improvise in the
field
as well as they do as effectively as
they do because they train for it
for years teachers
trained to teach not manage a public
health issue
this is a little outside of their scope
you want to do this i'm all in all the
time
but i don't think you do because the
only way you're treating teachers like
civils right now
is you're risking their life they won't
even get a
flag
this little speech it was great rhetoric
and that's what it was empty rhetoric
something to motivate people
half a league half a league half a
league onward
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day